<p>Whether you&rsquo;re recording, editing, mixing, or mastering audio, a truly great studio reference monitor design needs to provide the most accurate, uncolored representation of your music as possible. Tannoy Gold nearfield reference monitors have been created to serve the demanding needs of professionals in recording, broadcast and post-production environments. Engineered to the highest standards and build quality, The GOLD 8 will impress you whether you&rsquo;re a seasoned Tannoy user or just taking your first step up to a monitor system based on the legendary Dual Concentric&trade; driver.</p>,<p>Times may have changed, but our engineering values and commitment to perfection have not. Everything we do today is judged against our considerable achievements of the past as we continue to advance the art and science of building the world’s premier reference monitors. Constant refinement of our famed Dual Concentric™ driver, advanced Klippel™ analysis and a host of other technologies ensure that with every new product comes another historic chapter. Thanks to the integrated design, the speakers and the amplifiers are designed as one. Breathtaking yesterday; equally breathtaking today...</p>,<p>Clearly, to build the best studio monitors you must start with the very best drivers. At Tannoy our reputation for excellence is built on the quality and performance of the speaker systems we build, and that is why we continue to design and manufacture our own drivers. Tannoy has long held to a philosophical stand on crossover points, understanding the anomalous effects of any crossover network with respect to phase. Our monitor designs have consequently always strived to minimise the number of crossover points that fall inside the critical response band. Reducing the number of crossover points reduces potential phase errors and creates a more natural and accurate device.</p>,<p>At the heart of the GOLD 8’s superb performance you will find an all-new iteration of our legendary and exclusive Tannoy Dual Concentric Driver Technology.  With seven decades of refinement behind it, the Dual Concentric™ driver represents a near-perfect point source, preserving the tonal character and harmonic structure of program material as no discrete-driver system can. The benefits are immediately obvious with flat response, controlled dispersion and a wider sweet-spot in both the horizontal and vertical planes.</p>,<p>In nature, all sounds emanate from a single point in space. By centrally-locating the high frequency unit of the Dual Concentric configuration, GOLD 8 acoustically replicates the single point sound source, delivering exceptionally natural performance with an incredibly wide imaging “sweet-spot”. Delivery is further enhanced by the implementation of a highly-innovative point source Tulip Waveguide with symmetrical dispersion, which provides a broad soundstage with remarkably focused and accurate stereo imaging.</p>,<p>The ideal environment for listening is a room that is “flat,” neither too reflective (reverberent) nor too absorptive (where the sound is muffled). But since all rooms are not the same acoustically, your GOLD 8 comes equipped to function in a wide variety of environments. HF trim control, and a rear panel filter switch is provided to adapt the monitor’s low frequency characteristics for the effects of boundary conditions.</p>,<p>Why Class-AB? The duty of any amplifier is to take a small input signal and turn it into a louder output that maintains the characteristics of the original signal, and to be large enough to meet the demands of the loudspeaker it drives. While Class-A amplifiers sound great at low volumes, they waste a tremendous amount of power that is lost as heat when asked to output hundreds of Watts. And even though Class-B amplifiers are much more efficient, they tend to bring a great deal of distortion to the mix. A Class-AB amplifier combines the linear performance of Class-A with the higher efficiency performance of Class-B, producing a much better amplifier design for loudspeakers used in critical listening environments.</p>,<p>GOLD 8 allows you to connect up to 2 audio sources simultaneously thanks to its continually-active XLR and TRS inputs, and assign Left or Right  when connected to a 3.5mm TRS jack plug.  Switchable intelligent signal sensing circuitry is included, ensuring that when your system is not in use, your monitors switch into an environmentally friendly, power-saving stand-by mode.</p>,<p>Many of the world&rsquo;s greatest hits have been recorded and mixed using Tannoy studio monitors.Tannoy&rsquo;s long and storied legacy lives on in the GOLD 8 Dual Concentric Studio Reference Monitor; a legacy that has endured the test of time and adapted with the evolution of technology. Greater low frequency extension, higher output and enhanced reliability are only part of the story with the GOLD 8. This is a monitor that is sure to become a classic because it does everything well; from dynamic music content, to dialogue and everything in between, the GOLD 8 will become your most trusted reference for every project.</p>